Hang on. hang on!
You're not gonna
die today. Hang on.
Okay. okay. Come here. Okay?
All right. Let's get
the hell out of here.
Come on. come on.
- What do we have?
- The Factory's been hit and is burning.
All communications down.
No audio or video in or out.
Search and Rescue?
I've no authorization to
dispatch Coast Guard.
- My people are on that rig.
- A level 10 facility.
It does not exist.
It never existed.
If you think I'm gonna let you
and the director cover your asses...
at the expense of the
lives of my people. then...
Off the record. the Factory was
bombed to prevent terrorists...
from getting their
hands on vital secrets.
On the record. this
incident never occurred.
If you're not interested
in the detainees. fine.
But there are over 75
people who work for you...
who are gonna drown and burn.
If you don't contact
Search and Rescue. I will.
Do that and you will
be relieved of duty.
Without confirmation of survivors.
is it really worth making that call?
Reddington! Where's Keen?
Braxton took her.
- Ah.
- Any of these comms working?
That walkie has a range of
a thousand yards at the most.
Unassisted. yeah. but a dipole
antenna array will boost the signal.
This rig is sinking.
If we can't make contact. anyone
here who doesn't burn is gonna drown.
You said Braxton took Keen. Why?
Where am I?
Where are Agents
Ressler and Navabi?
Did they make it?
Don't know. Don't care.
How does it feel...
to have something people
are willing to die for locked up...
- in that pretty. little head of yours?
- I don't know anything.
We'll see.
I don't know who
gave you clearance...
but we're closed to traum...
- He's got a g...
I've been monitoring flights...
around Norton Sound
with proximity to the Factory.
The FAA picked up an aircraft
entering Juneau airspace...
ID'd as a medevac chopper.
The FAA doesn't require flight
plans or passenger manifests...
for medevac choppers. I think
that's how Braxton plans to disappear.
- Where did they land?
- Grace River Hospital.
Notify the hospital. Make sure
they have Braxton's mug shot.
That incident you insist didn't
occur. it just came to shore.
Okay. listen up.
Juneau P.D. was unable to apprehend
Braxton. but he was positively ID'd.
I want surveillance from every
camera within 10 blocks of that hospital.
Coast Guard. they're picking
up a signal from the Factory.
- That's some kind of SOS.
- Survivors.
I'm making that call
whether you like it or not.
We're on final approach. We
need a head count on survivors.
Helo 2. Helo 2. Emergency
message. plus three.
You're not going anywhere.
Let's go.
I'm hitting a wall.
She'll talk.
Oh. no. She's talking.
Told me everything she
remembered. which is nothing.
You saying she wasn't there?
I'm saying if she was there.
she's repressed her memory.
Buried it so deep that I can't
even get her to talk about it.
The Fulcrum.
Where is it?
I envy you your ability to
block a horrible memory.
I needed help to do that.
Lucky for me. the person
who helped me forget...
is gonna help you remember.
Max. I'm not gonna tell you to
pick up your dominoes again.
Come on. We
gotta go. We're late.
Max?
- Max?
- Hey. doc.
- Remember me?
- Braxton.
- It's gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay.
- I don't know. doc.
Depends on you.
What do you want?
Let's go for a ride.
The princess here has something
in her head that I want. It's a memory.
Now. you helped make
all my memories go away.
You made Khafji disappear. Boom.
Just like a magic trick.
I'm thinking. if you were able
to bury one of my memories...
then you can
retrieve some of hers.
No. It's not that simple.
Mom. they...
- They said they won't hurt me...
- Max.
If you do what they say.
so please. Mom. plea...
Max. Don't hurt him.
Don't you hurt him.
Guys. there are people looking for
me. If they find me. they'll find you.
Now you are going
to go into her head...
and you're gonna
retrieve a memory.
If you do that. if you help
me. you'll be helping Max.
Do I make myself clear?
Give him a list of everything
you're gonna need.
Sebastian. brother. I
didn't think you made it out.
He didn't. I did.
Oh. man. This is just
like Belgrade. huh. boy-o?
Whatever you want. I get.
This is nothing like Belgrade.
What was the name of that
kid? One you had running point?
Wish I could've been there
when you opened that door...
found him hanging
by your necktie.
His name was Henkel.
Henkel! That's right.
Kid was a talker.
You're out of
your depth. Luther.
You don't know the
people you're dealing with.
You're a fine thief.
meticulous and careful...
but this is different.
You're improvising...
and you and I both know
thinking on your feet...
is not your strong suit. Luther.
You will make a mistake...
and when you
do. I will be there...
to indulge in the
undeniable pleasure...
and sweet satisfaction
of "I told you so."
Well. you better hurry. Because
your girlfriend. the princess...
she's got the answers in
her head that I'm looking for...
and I found a way
to get them out.
I spoke with Cooper.
The Coast Guard pilots who
transported us are being debriefed.
As far as the rest of the world is
concerned. you are presumed missing.
You need to look for any
known associates of Braxton's...
with psychiatric
medical training.
Neurologists. psychiatrists.
pharmacologists...
Wait. Slow down.
Braxton is trying to extract
a memory from Agent Keen.
He will do so by any
means necessary.
He's likely contacted someone
for that purpose already.
Find out who that someone is.
What memory?
A memory she has no memory of.
You said you
had the situation...
under control. DIRECTOR: I do.
- The strike was unsuccessful.
- Now we have survivors to contend with.
Not to mention the incident
at the public hospital.
The missile strike
will be made public.
It will be blamed on. uh. inmate
uprising. which got out of hand.
Combatants took the facility...
executed staff. and
were preparing to escape.
We unfortunately had no other
choice but to act aggressively.
Loss of life. although
tragic. was unavoidable.
Is there any accounting for Reddington?
- Or the Fulcrum?
We will have the Fulcrum
in our hands shortly.
How?
I have a team working
on it as we speak.
Welcome back.
Sir. sir. I think I found a doctor
with a connection to Braxton.
You're safe.
- Uh. what about Mr. Reddington?
- He's pursuing his own leads.
Aram. the doctor?
Yes. right. Uh. sorry.
Okay. Her name is
Dr. Selma Orchard.
She's an attending in
neurology at Walter Reed...
and was part of a team
that discovered a gene...
that makes it possible
to erase memories.
I'm sorry. Erase memories?
Yeah. the gene is known as Tet1. Critical
to a process called memory extinction...
where painful events are replaced
with more positive associations.
She was at Walter Reed.
Was Braxton a soldier there?
First Gulf War.
He was part of a friendly fire incident
with multiple casualties in Khafji.
- I assume he brought this home with him.
- Orchard must've treated him for this.
Selma Orchard. Find her now.
It's called recovered
memory therapy.
Going to use a combination of
hypnotherapy and pharmaceuticals...
to put you into a lucid.
waking dream state.
My field is in blocking trauma.
Extracting it. there
are probable risks.
You don't have to do this.
I'm going to give
you a sedative.
The mind turns
things off for a reason.
I found that what the mind
fights. the body tries to fight too.
I need you relaxed. This
is for your own safety.
He told me I need to take
you back to a fire 26 years ago.
I don't wanna go back.
I'm sorry.
P.D. says there's no sign
of forced entry or foul play...
but Orchard never
showed up for work.
I just got off the phone with the boy's
school. He never showed up. either.
Braxton has them.
Elizabeth. I want you
to close your eyes.
Now I want you to relax all
of the muscles in your body.
Pretend that you can float.
As you float. all of the
tension leaves your body.
Tension floats too...
but it floats away from you.
Now I want you to breathe in...
and out.
Good. All of the
tension is floating away.
You can't even feel it anymore.
All you can feel is yourself...
making the image of
yourself clearer and clearer.
Focus on that image of yourself.
Only it's not you today.
It's you 26 years ago.
You can almost
picture her. that little girl.
I'm gonna ask the little
girl to open her eyes.
Are you ready?
Three...
two...
one.
What do you see?
A little girl...
- hiding. MAN: Okay.
stay here. sweetie.
No matter what happens. stay here
and don't come out till I come get you.
Understand?
- Are you with her?
- Yes.
- Where is she?
- She'll be here.
Hey. what's your bunny's name?
I'm not leaving
without Masha. Masha!
She's not going back with you.
I know you're
scared. but it's okay.
Lizzy? Can you hear me?
- I'll just be with her.
- You wouldn't let me see her.
Masha? MAN: Get out!
Hello. Thank you for
coming on such short notice.
Time is of the essence.
so I'll skip introductions.
I've asked you all here because
you all have one thing in common.
You all have business
with Luther Braxton.
As rewarding as those relationships
may have been. they've come to an end.
Mr. Braxton has started
something he cannot finish.
He'll likely reach out
to one of you for help.
When he does. you will contact
me at the number I have provided.
Questions?
Good.
What's in it for us?
Life.
- Where are we on Dr. Orchard?
- Nowhere.
If Braxton did abduct
her. he didn't leave a trace.
And Reddington?
If he had a lead. we
would have heard from him.
Metro P.D. just called in a possible
visual on Braxton near Anacostia.
He saw him get into a van with a
couple of men after Orchard's abduction.
- Did they track it?
- No. patrolman was on foot.
The van left before
he could flag the plate.
Get to Anacostia.
canvass the neighborhood.
Knock on every door. If Braxton was
there to meet someone. I wanna know who.
Cooper.
Hello. Dr. Levin.
Did you get the results?
Yes. At your office?
This is not gonna work. These
drugs. she could become hypotensive.
- I gave you what you asked for.
- We need an anesthesiologist...
or an ER doc here. I
told you there are risks.
Well. then take the risks.
It's either her or your boy.
- Think you'd get away with it?
- What's happening?
They're shouting.
- Who?
- What are they saying?
Where is she?
You are in trouble.
- Because of you.
- Yes!
- Don't be afraid.
- You told her.
- Yes. I did. I told her.
- Come on!
- Wait!
Come on! LIZ: Lizzy.
Come on.
Come on!
- Where did he go?
- Where did he go? I don't know.
- Ha-ha-ha.
- What's happening?
She might be having
a tangent memory.
Her brain is trying to replace a
bad memory with a good one.
Over there! Here!
Catch me.
♪ Jingle bells. jingle bells ♪
- Lizzy.
- Lizzy. wait!
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh ♪
- What is it? What do you see?
- Stay here.
Don't go anywhere.
- What are they fighting about?
- It's a secret.
Who's Masha?
- You are. WOMAN:
Instead they framed Masha.
Don't go out there.
You can't go out there.
Turn around. Lizzy! Go back!
No! No!
Don't! Daddy said
not to come out!
Okay. we're done. Her blood
pressure's through the roof.
She's in V-tach.
She needs lidocaine.
What do you think you're doing?
You won't find what you're
looking for if she's dead.
My father.
My father was there.
What have you got?
Braxton contacted
me right after you left.
- What's this?
- Wiring instructions...
to an offshore account.
I'm not giving you this
information. I'm selling it.
Let me clarify the situation. Braxton
is holding a hostage. I want her back.
Every second you waste reduces
the chances of that happening.
- I appreciate your urgency.
- I don't think you do.
But I'm not telling you anything
until we agree on a price.
I have units covering
the southwest sector.
So start at the north end of the
700 block and work your way back.
- Anything?
- Two eyewitnesses confirm...
Braxton met with a Wilson
Bishop. I had Aram run his profile.
He's a third-year med
student at Johns Hopkins.
What does Braxton
want with a med student?
Your son. what's his name?
His name is Max.
He's 9 years old.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry you got
dragged into this.
In the dream. your father.
you said he was there?
The girl. she
called him "Daddy."
Did you see anything
else or hear anything else?
The little girl stopped me. It's
like she has some kind of a secret.
But I'm the girl.
Girl's a piece of your
subconscious trying to prevent you...
from becoming aware
of what happened.
I have no recollection of
my mother or my father.
Not their faces. nothing.
All I know. or think I know.
is that my father gave me this.
You can relax. An extra 15 seconds
won't make a difference either way.
It's done.
Speak.
He needed a place to meet
someone. someplace out of the way.
The address?
He's right. An extra 15 seconds
probably won't change anything. Hmm?
Yes?
Mom? Mommy? SELMA: Max!
- Mom?
- Max. hi. Are you okay. baby?
- Where are you? SELMA:
Everything's gonna be okay.
I love you. I love you. Just...
You have till 9:00.
If I don't find out what the agent knows
by then. you'll never see your boy again.
Wait. Wait! Damn it!
It's gonna be fine.
It's too dangerous.
Something happened. something
people are willing to kill to find...
and whatever it was
involved my father.
I'm not doing this
for Braxton or for you.
I'm doing it for me. I
need to know the truth.
Where is it?
I'll have it to you by 9.
I thought you said
you had it already.
And I do.
I wanted that Fulcrum in my
hands before I negotiated with you.
Need I remind you that the
price had already been set?
That was before you volleyed
missiles at me and my men.
Now the price has gone up.
Mr. Braxton...
I don't think you
fully appreciate...
the power of the people who
have engaged your services.
Well. if they're
that powerful...
then I'm sure they can
afford an extra 10 percent.
Go find the money. chief.
You do that...
and I'll have what
you want by 9:00.
I want you to call me as soon
as you get confirmation of funds.
Nah. we'll get the intel
out of that girl's head...
even if I gotta drill a hole in her
skull and hang her upside down.
All right. Will do.
If you're looking for your
driver. he's napping in the trunk.
Son of a bitch.
Luther. I never thought I'd enjoy
having anything in my mouth...
as much as Petty
Officer Virginia Sherman.
But this?
Heh. my God! It tastes so good!
I hesitate to swallow and I
certainly don't wanna spit it out.
Oh. what the hell.
I told you so.
Elizabeth Keen. Where is she?
I don't know.
Maybe she's dead.
Maybe you're too late. boy-o.
Just like you were
for Henkel in Belgrade.
Can I let you in on a little
secret about Belgrade?
I barely remember it.
I'd forgotten about the deutsche marks.
and I don't think I ever even met Henkel.
Tell you the truth. I don't
think his name was Henkel.
I don't know who the
hell he was. but this...
this. I can promise you.
I will always remember.
Now get in the damn car.
Elizabeth. can you hear me?
Nod if you can hear me.
Good. Now follow my voice
and tell me where you are.
- The closet. SELMA:
What's happening?
They'll kill you if
you don't give it back.
They'll kill me if I do.
They're arguing.
What are they arguing about?
Did you really think I'd let this
happen? That I wouldn't come for her?
Hey. you know what?
The Fulcrum.
It's the only thing
keeping me alive.
Wilson Bishop. FBI.
Come here. Come here.
Hey. hey. What are you doing.
man? What are you doing?
- Braxton. You met with him.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
You're a resident at a hospital
with access to all kinds...
of psychopharmaceuticals.
You sold to him.
- He kidnapped an FBI agent.
- Don't know anything about a kidnapping.
He's gonna use your
drugs on that agent.
- She dies...
- He wanted diazoxide.
- Naloxone...
- Where is he?
- Had me deliver equipment for sedations.
- An address!
Braxton. call me back.
Where the hell are you?
Is she okay?
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Aram. we found Wilson Bishop.
We're en route. and we need you to
send units to Coal Chute and Spring.
Donald. I have information
regarding Agent Keen's abductor.
On our way. Ten minutes out.
Well. Braxton was holding a
young boy. His name is Max Orchard.
My people have secured the boy. send
a unit. Dembe will give you the address.
Max is my son.
The FBI are on
their way to him now.
She's still heavily sedated.
What happened?
- But my son. Max. RAYMOND:
Your son is gonna be fine.
Tell me about Agent Keen.
She was undergoing a
procedure called RM therapy.
Braxton was
searching for a memory.
Does she remember the past?
Pieces.
- What pieces?
- A fire. an argument.
She remembers something
called the Fulcrum.
Does she know where
it is. the Fulcrum?
No.
But we were close.
If she continued. would
it be dangerous for her?
Could she be harmed in any way?
It's hard to say. She's
been through a lot.
But typically. if the therapy is
done properly and with great care...
then. no.
Split up. It's gotta be
the basement or the attic.
Can you see it? Can
you hear me. Lizzy?
- Take her to...
- I need you to tell me where it is.
- Where is the Fulcrum. Lizzy?
- Let me go! Get away from me!
Shh. shh. You
don't wanna see this.
What you want to see. what
you need to find is the Fulcrum.
Where is it. Lizzy?
Can you see it?
Lizzy. turn around. Go back.
You don't wanna go in there.
Lizzy. turn around and
go back. Go back. go back.
What happened?
What did she see?
Listen to me. You have to
say something. There's a fire.
I know you saw something and
you don't wanna go out there...
but you can't stay here.
You have to scream.
Do you hear me?
As loud as you can. you
have to scream! You have to...
Hey! Hey.
What the hell are you doing
to her? What are you doing?
- Get her up. Wake her up now.
- Not now.
Reddington. Reddington!
SELMA: It's not safe.
Wake her up now.
- Wait. Not now.
You do what you have
to do. You do it now!
Wait.
Daddy! No!
You were there.
You were there. weren't you?
Yes.
There were people with
the woman. looking for it.
The Fulcrum. You
were one of them.
It's not that simple.
But that's why you were there.
That's why you
came into my life then.
And that's why you're here now.
Not because of me...
or who I am to you...
whatever connection
we might have...
but because of some...
object.
Some thing.
Whatever you remember...
What I remember is leaving my father
dying on the floor of a burning house.
There's no way he
could have survived that.
Lizzy. the memories
of a 4-year-old are...
unreliable.
My father was killed
because of the Fulcrum...
because you and your
people came for it that night.
Well. I want you
to know something.
This charade...
of you pretending
to care about me...
was a waste of your time...
because I don't
know where it is.
Don't!
Mommy. SELMA: Max! Ah.
Are you okay? Are you
okay? Are you okay?
Look at you.
Oh. thank God.
Mm. I'm meeting with
Braxton within the hour.
Yes. of course I've
discussed contingencies...
regarding Reddington
with all of our colleagues.
I'm going to have
to call you back.
You wouldn't believe
how much he weighs.
Sit.
Do you have any idea who I am?
Yes. I know just what you are.
Sit the hell down.
I've alerted security.
You seem younger in
person than you appear to be...
when lurking in the background
on television. Are you a swimmer?
- I'm someone not to be trifled with.
- Mm.
Then we have
something in common.
You hire a simple thief
to find the Fulcrum...
because you
believe I don't have it.
So I return him to
you. defects and all...
to make it abundantly clear
that you should never again...
doubt who I am and what I have.
I know exactly who you are.
A thug.
You may have convinced
some of my colleagues...
that you are a force
to be reckoned with...
but I do not share
that assessment.
So consider yourself warned.
We will not hesitate to use
every resource at our disposal.
Whatever it takes...
we will cripple you.
I don't think you have
any real comprehension...
of the depth and breadth
of your vulnerability.
But only the one who possesses
the Fulcrum could possibly fathom that.
I think you're bluffing.
I don't think you have it.
I don't think you ever did.
Try me.
Call my bluff. Please.
Call my bluff.
Heh. Oh. my God. I don't know
what the hell you're gonna do with him.
Honestly. he's like
a damn side of beef.
♪ Back when I used to wander ♪
You're not gonna believe this.
What is it?
This morning. there was
an attempted takeover...
of a U.S. detention
camp in the Norton Sound.
We believe that the timing of
this uprising was set to coincide...
with the transfer of international
fugitive Raymond Reddington.
Are you saying that he was
responsible for the breach?
How did he orchestrate an
attack if he was in custody?
Did he succeed?
I'm not gonna be taking
any questions now...
but I can confirm...
that the whereabouts of
Raymond Reddington are unknown.
♪ Hold me to the
light Let me shine ♪
♪ Come hold me
to the floor and say ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ Come hold me
'neath the water's skin ♪
♪ Until I'm new again ♪
♪ I said what I was thinkin' ♪
♪ But you can't see
what's good Till it's gone ♪
♪ And there's
something to be said ♪
Thank you for meeting me.
You said it was urgent?
I didn't mean to alarm you.
but I thought you should know...
that during the RM therapy. when
you were under. I saw something.
So what? What does that mean?
Based on how you responded...
Liz. I don't think I'm the first one
who's looked into your memory.
No. I've never been treated.
You may not remember. You
may have been very young.
But I think someone may have
tried to block your memory of that fire.
I didn't make it up.
The people and the events may
have been there but in different roles.
I know this is difficult
to comprehend.
Are you telling me I may never
know what really happened that night?
I'm telling you the people who
could tell you what happened...
are the people who
want you to forget.
♪ They'll come clean
us We'll both live again ♪
♪ These days I barely wander ♪
♪ And I don't need no
more Of them signs ♪
♪ I'll just breathe in all that air
And be happy that it's there ♪♪